# spaceshipgame
You will be creating a spaceship game over the next few days. The first step will be to create a game that does the following: Greets the user and tells them the point of the game Ask the user's name Shows a menu with an option to 'Start Game' or 'Enter Planet Code' (for now only allow Start Game as an option) When the user starts game, tell them what planet they are on (which is Earth to start with) Ask the user the ship weight Ask the user how fast they want to go [this will be enough for now]  You will now be asking the user what speed they want to go to get off the planet, and compare that to what the escape velocity is for Earth. This needs to be a function, you can do it as an 'escape_planet' or just 'escape_earth' (which you would then have to create a function for each planet). Use a global variable for their name so it can be used in every function. If they do not put high enough speed, crash them. If it is right or within a realistic number above, congratulate them and tell them the new planet they are on. If they are too high, crash them.  Make sure all planets are in program Have an option of quitting Give planet codes each time the person lands Up to you if the person has to start over completely or just start over on that planet if they crash  Have the game keep track of points for the user, and show them how many points they got when they die. Person can now enter a planet code and start on that planet. Reset score and planet when they die. Use either .lower(), .upper(), or .title() to make their input more user friendly CLEAN GAME AND CLEAN CODE, commented correctly with good grammar and easy for someone, who has no idea what this is, to play.
